Rest plugin - support multiple authentications (#808)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: rest/help.md

# Version History

> * 3.1.0 - Support multiple authentications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.1.0 - Support Digest Auth, an encrypted secret key in headers, and built-in authentication for Pendo and OpsGenie
```

# Version History

> * 4.0.0 - Support Digest Auth, Bearer Token, a method to encrypt a secret key in custom headers, and built-in authentication for Insight platform, Pendo and OpsGenie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.0.0 - Support new authentication types: Digest Auth and Bearer Token | Add a workaround to encrypt a secret key when used in custom HTTP headers | Add built-in authentication for services: Insight Platform, Pendo and OpsGenie
```
